Public Release of Commonalities 0.4.0 (#286)
camaraproject/Commonalities: README.md

## Status and released versions

> * Release 0.4.0 of guidelines and assets for CAMARA APIs is available with the [r0.4.0 tag](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/r0.4.0):
> * Release 0.3.0 of guidelines and assets for CAMARA APIs is available within the [release-0.3.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/release-0.3.0):
> * Release 0.2.0 of guidelines and assets for CAMARA APIs is available within the [release-0.2.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/release-0.2.0):
> * Release 0.1.0 of guidelines and assets for CAMARA APIs is available within the [release-0.1.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/release-0.1.0):

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we need all the previous releases here as we get now a new latest release. Especially the older one might be just confusing for the audience without seeing also the changelog.

How about:

```suggestion
* Release 0.4.0 of guidelines and assets for CAMARA APIs is available with the [r0.4.0 tag](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/tree/r0.4.0):
* Previous releases and pre-releases are available in https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/releases
```
